Documentation of 3D Advqance Fantasy Environment

In this Fantasy Environment, we have created all the models separatedly, all the models are reuseable and it's depends upon us that how we can use and place in the environment.
we have created Different types of Houses, Poles, lamps, trees, bridges, Air balloons, Balloon Airship, Well, small stylish stairs,cartoonish Mountains, Stones, Windmill, Wood Fence
doors, windows, House Basements,  Animated Models, street lights, Obstacles, Lanteren, clouds and other small props etc. 

Models are made with 7 textures. The 3D Advance Fantasy Environment pack consists of different objects created individually, so you can use them to create an intuitive and eye-catching 
user interface for your 3D game or animated video. The vectors can be edited and placed at any scene in the game/video to give it a more defined look.

We have different folders:
1) Material:
	Models are made with 7 textures.
2) Models: 
	You will find seperate pre folders in Model folder. There is 9 folders you will get in this folder.
3) Prefabs: 
	3 Folders you will see: All the prefabs will be included in the enviroment according to your environment. Animated prefabs is also included in this project.
4) Scene: 
	2 type of scenes: (1) Environment With Obstacles and (2) Environment without Obstacles. (3) all props
5) Texture:
	We used 7 textures in this Fantasy environment.
6) Post Process:	
	Post Process lightning.	
7) Obstacles:
	you will get obstacles models and material in this folder.
8)Documentation: 
	Read Me File.

Note:
we have used the free water Asset from Unity asset store. So Water wouldn't be included. If you need same water so you can get to click on below given link.
Url of free Water Asset (Stylized Water For URP): https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/shaders/stylized-water-for-urp-162025 

All the prefabs are created, you can use each prefabs according to your environment needs. you just need to drag and drop each prefab whereever you want. you can create a big environment for you 3d Fantasy games and 3d animated Environment. Each objects are scable, you can transform and rotate each object.